[DOCS-9953] Add Cloud SIEM Threat Intelligence doc (#28716)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/cloud_siem/threat_intelligence.md

|-------------------|-------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|----------------------------------|
| ip_address        | text  | The primary key for the reference table in the IPv4 dot notation format.                       | true     | 192.0.2.1                       |
| additional_data   | json  | Additional data to enrich the logs.                                                            | false    | `{"ref":"hxxp://example.org"}`    |
| category          | text  | The threat intel [category][8]. This is used by some out-of-the-box detection rules.                | true     | Malware                          |
| intention         | text  | The threat intel [intent][9]. This is used by some out-of-the-box detection rules.                  | true     | malicious                        |
| source            | text  | The name of the source and the link to its site, such as your team and your team's wiki.       | true     | `{"name":"internal_security_team", "url":"https://teamwiki.example.org"}` |

> #### CSV Structure for Domain

Author: ```suggestion
#### CSV structure for domain
```

```

### Uploading and enabling your own threat intel

Datadog supports creating reference tables through a manual upload, or by periodically retrieving the data from Amazon S3, Azure storage, or Google Cloud storage.

**Notes**:
- It can take 10 to 30 minutes to start enriching Logs after creating a table.
- If a primary key is duplicated, it is skipped and an error message about the key is displayed.

On a new [reference table][2] page:

1. Name the table. The table name is referenced in the Threat Intel setting.
1. Upload a local CSV or import a CSV from a cloud storage bucket. The file is normalized and validated.
1. Preview the table schema and choose the IOC column as the Primary Key.
1. Save the table.
1. In [Threat Intel][3], locate the new table, and then select the toggle to enable it.

#### Using cloud storage

When the reference table is created from cloud storage, it is refreshed periodically. The entire table is replaced. Data is not merged.

See the related reference table documentation for:

- [Amazon S3][4]
- [Azure storage][5]
- [Google Cloud storage][6]

> #### Troubleshooting cloud imports

Author: This should be under the header "Uploading and enabling your own threat intelligence"

In Datadog Event Management, it can look like the data is fetched from the cloud, but it can take a few more minutes to propagate those changes to Threat Intellegence. Other useful cloud import details to remember:

- The expected latency before updated enrichments are available when a source is uploaded or updated is 10 to 30 minutes.
- How to know when the updates are applied: The changes are visible in the reference table or in the logs. Select the **View Change Events** link from settings on the reference table detail page to see the related events.
- The update replaces the entire table with the new data.
In case of a duplicated primary key, the rows with the duplicated key are not written, and an error is shown in the reference table detail page.

## Threat intelligence in the user interface

To enable Cloud SIEM threat intelligence data for reference tables:
1. Navigate to [Threat Intelligence][3].
1. For the table you want to see Cloud SIEM threat intelligence data, click the dropdown menu in the **Enabled** column and select Cloud SIEM.

> After applying a reference table to Cloud SIEM, all incoming logs are evaluated against the reference table based on a specific Indicator of Compromise (IoC) key (for example, IP or domain). If a match is found, the log is enriched with relevant Threat Intelligence (TI) attributes from the table, allowing for enhanced detection, investigation, and response. The threat intelligence reference table can be used by more than one security product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After applying a reference table to Cloud SIEM, all incoming logs are evaluated against the table using a specific Indicator of Compromise (IoC) key—such as an IP address or domain. If a match is found, the log is enriched with relevant Threat Intelligence (TI) attributes from the table, enhancing detection, investigation, and response.

A single threat intelligence reference table can be shared across multiple security products.
```
